fix(uipath-agents): repair LlamaIndex RAG docs; accept both RAG primitives in llamaindex_rag checker (#2654)
UiPath/skills: skills/uipath-agents/references/coded/frameworks/llamaindex-integration.md

### Context Grounding (RAG)

Two RAG primitives ship in `uipath-llamaindex`. Pick by workflow shape:

| Primitive | Import | Use when |
|-----------|--------|----------|
| `ContextGroundingQueryEngine` | `uipath_llamaindex.query_engines` | Retrieval + LLM synthesis in one call, or exposing the index as a `QueryEngineTool` in an agentic workflow. Constructor REQUIRES `response_synthesizer` (no default). |
| `ContextGroundingRetriever` | `uipath_llamaindex.retrievers` | Deterministic workflow RAG — retrieve raw passages in a `@step`, then synthesize the answer with your own prompt and LLM call. |

The query engine wraps `ContextGroundingRetriever` + your synthesizer internally — use the retriever directly when the workflow already has its own synthesis step.

> > **Always use these primitives — not raw `sdk.context_grounding.search()` / `search_async()`.** They return LlamaIndex `NodeWithScore` objects that plug into synthesizers and tools, and declare `index_name` + `folder_path` at one call site — the exact shape of the `index` binding entry (see [../lifecycle/bindings-reference.md](../lifecycle/bindings-reference.md)). `index` bindings have no virtual fallback: the index must exist in Orchestrator before `uip codedagent push`.

Reviewer: nit: I would change the phrasing here. we should say that this is the preferred approach, not a hard requirement
```suggestion
> **Prefer using these primitives — not raw `sdk.context_grounding.search()` / `search_async()`.** They return LlamaIndex `NodeWithScore` objects that plug into synthesizers and tools, and declare `index_name` + `folder_path` at one call site — the exact shape of the `index` binding entry (see [../lifecycle/bindings-reference.md](../lifecycle/bindings-reference.md)). `index` bindings have no virtual fallback: the index must exist in Orchestrator before `uip codedagent push`.
```

> Both accept `index_name`, `folder_path` (or `folder_key`), and `number_of_results` (default 10). Pass `folder_path` whenever the index is not in the default folder resolved from your auth context. Instantiate both inside a `@step` — never at module level (same lazy-client rule as LLMs, § UiPathOpenAI above).

Reviewer: `Pass `folder_path` whenever the index is not in the default folder resolved from your auth context.`
-> we should pass folder_path every time even in the index is in the same execution folder, otherwise bindings might not be correctly applied
